>> Kyle Simpson: And I would claim
that just like every other operation,
it is helpful if you
understand what the types are.
Like every other operation,
you have to ask yourself,
if I know the types,
is coercion here helpful or not?
Maybe it is helpful, maybe it isn't.
It's a critical analysis.
It shifts the discussion away from
double equals is bad and unpredictable
to do I wanna allow a coercive
comparison or do I not wanna allow that?
In this particular case,
is it more helpful to me to do so or
is it less helpful?
Is it more safe or is it less safe?
In other words, you need to be critical,
analytical thinkers, and
look at your code.
And decide what you can know about
your code and what you can't.
And essentially the decision about
double equals and triple equals
is a trailing indicator of whether
you actually understand your program.
Let me say that again.
Your choice to use triple equals,
it's not just because
some guy wrote in a book that you
should always use triple equals.
Your actual choice to use triple equals
is a trailing indicator which points back
to the fact that you don't know something
about the types in that comparison and so
you have to protect yourself.
And my opinion is, if at all possible,
maybe it would be better to fix the root
problem, which is that I don't know
what the types are in this comparison.
It's too unpredictable,
it's too polymorphic.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's gonna lead
to better code with fewer bugs,
regardless of whether you use
a double equals or a triple equals.
Deciding what your types are,
making it obvious what those are.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
do we know those types?
Let's take a look at what
the double equals is going to do
if the types are different.
First off, if the types are null or
undefined on either side,
that's what these two clauses are paired
to say, if x is null and y is undefined or
a vice versa, then return true.
In other words, the no value and the
undefined value are coercively equal to
each other and to no other values in the
language, which is what clause 10 says.
It says return false.
Null and undefined will not match
any other clauses in this algorithm,
other than clause 2 and 3.
And so it's only coercive to each other.
I find that to be a tremendously
useful fact about JavaScript because,
quite honestly,
I don't like having two empty values.
I find that to be confusing.
So I would much rather
deal with one empty value.
And since null is shorter
to type than undefined,
I'd rather deal with null everywhere.
And pretend as much as possible
that undefined doesn't exist.
Or at least pretend that
they're interchangeable.
JavaScript does make some
distinctions between them,
such as the default value algorithm.
But, for the most part,
you have the option of treating null and
undefined as indistinguishable
through coercive equality.
So you could do a check like this,
you could have a workshop one and
a workshop two, and
there's a topic property on there.
You could be asking of that topic property
if it's been set and it's null, or
if it's never been set at all, or
if it's been set and it's too undefined.
You could try to distinguish
between those two, but
I would argue in almost all cases,
that's not a useful distinction.
Whether the property was ever created and
has been reset back to null, or
whether it's been reset back to undefined,
or whether it was never created at all.
Those are basically all the same
condition, or at least I would argue,
that's a better way to code,
to treat those as indistinguishable.
So one option is for
you to write what you do on lines five and
six, which is to use this triple equals
that does not allow coercion and
explicitly checks all of those cases.
Explicitly checks that
workshop1.topic is null or
workshop1.topic is undefined and
the same thing is true of workshop2 topic.
>> Kyle Simpson: Are you gaining anything
readability-wise by being explicit here?
Ask yourself the question if the reader
has benefited from having to juggle
in their head the distinction
between two empty values?
>> Kyle Simpson: My assertion is that no,
they are not benefited.
And using the double equals like we
do down here on lines 12 and 13,
it's far more clear.
It says, whether are null or undefined,
tell me if they're empty or not.
Tell me if they're one of
those two empty values.
And by the way, I just picked the shorter
of the two cuz it's less to type.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay?
This is an example of using
coercive equality, and
even some of the staunchest
harshest critics of coercion,
you will find them using double
equals null checks in their code.
Because it's less controversial than
some of the other double equals usages.
Most people seem to be okay with that.
Even though JFLint says no no, most other
people have those linting rules turned on.
I use ESLint,
it's an amazingly configurable linter.
I have a very different rule
set than you do, I'm sure,
cuz I have very different opinions,
but I use an ESLint tool and
I turn on what rules help me write better
code and that's what linters are for.
Linters are an opinion that
helps you decide whether or
not your code is formatted in such a way
where, or structured in such a way,
to avoid bugs or whether it's
likely that a problem will occur.
It's not checking if your
programming is correct.
It's giving you an opinion on
whether you've done the right thing.
The thing about opinions is that
everybody's got different opinions.
So the best tools are the ones
that are most configurable,
not just to individual opinions,
but most effectively for teams.
Let a team decide what is effective for
them.
To any extent that you use a tool that
shares an opinion about your code with
you, by way of erroring out your build
process, to the extent that that tool is
unable for you to configure it so that you
can get your job done more effectively and
it forces you to change the way
you code to adapt to it,
then that tool is not helping you, it is
hampering your development opportunities.
If it's not smart enough to
understand what it's doing.
For example, I use ESLint and ESLint's
got a bunch of really great rules in,
but it's got some rules
which are pretty naive.
One of those rules has to deal
with variable declarations,
whether you're allowed to use a variable
declaration earlier in the scope.
Now I can clearly say, and we're gonna
come back to this in our unit on scope,
but I can clearly say to you that I
wouldn't recommend saying A equals two and
then Var A,
that's a terrible usage of that.
But that same rule that prevents that
also prevents me from saying A equals two
inside of a function if the var A isn't
above the function in the code.
That's not at all the same thing, but
that tool is not at all smart enough to
distinguish those two
differences in scoping behavior.
And that rule gets in my
way instead of helping me.
So I don't use that rule.
Good news about ESLint is you
can write your own rules.
I actually just wrote my
first ESLint rule plug in.
We'll talk about that one
a bit later on the course.